The following programme
contains strong language
and strong.
violent scenes from the outset.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
MARIAN: All you had to do was
pick up the phone and tell us
you were still breathing.
I didn't even know you were alive.
The money. the gangs.
I'm taking it all back.
(MAN SCREAMS)
(GUNFIRE)
ELLIOT: Thought I'd be
higher up your kill list.
You and I want the same thing.
So. either help me of fuck off.
Go on then...
SHANNON: The Wallaces
stood on our shoulders
and wanted our thanks for it.
They used you. Dad.
For years. but not anymore.
(GUNFIRE)
(MAN YELLS. GROANS)
London belongs to us now.
We're offering you a piece of it.
I will not work with a man
who helped kill my son.
LALE: If you want what you claim.
you must be prepared to do
everything without fear.
without care.
I'm sorry.
(SCREAMING)
I will not fight for a London
where Sean comes out on top.
Sean won't be at the top. We will.
You wish he'd never
come back at all.
They killed my dad! Sean did this.
SHANNON:
I know how you can get to Sean.
(METALLIC ZING)
(OBJECT THUDS)
Don't lie to me. Mum.
What did you do?
(YELLS)
It's power or family.
You can't have both...
(WAILING)
(SCREAMS)
(BOTH SCREAM)
(ELLIOT GROWLS)
(SEAN GRUNTS)
I'm gonna make you watch.
Sean Wallace.
I'm gonna take
everything you ever built.
Your power...
Your people...
And I'm gonna replace you.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(FOX SCREECHING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(ANIMAL YELPS)
(CAR ZOOMING ON VIDEOGAME)
Yep... Come on.
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(ANIMAL HOWLING)
(GUNSHOT)
(GASPS)
(ANIMAL SQUAWKS)
VIDEOGAME CHARACTER: Yippee!
(CAR ZOOMING IN GAME)
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
Are you OK. Mummy?
Yeah. of course...
Mum?
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
Mum?
Faster.
Faster! Fucking faster!
Faster! Faster!
Car! Car! Car! Car!
(HORN HONKING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Stop the car!
Stop the fucking car now!
I'm warning you!
Oh. God...
Pull over!
Ram this bitch off the road.
(GRUNTS)
It's OK. Samuel.
(GRUNTS) Hold on! Samuel. hold on.
I'm warning you... Fuck this!
Closer!
(GASPS)
Mum!
(GROWLS)
Samuel. hold on! (PANTING)
Keep your head down Samuel!
(GROWLING)
Mum!
(YELLS)
Hit her!
(GRUNTS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(YELLS)
(GLASS TINKLES)
(PANTING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Are they coming back. Mummy?
They're gone. It's OK.
(KEYPAD BLEEPS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
AUTOMATED VOICE: The person you are
calling is unable to take your call.
(KEYPAD BLEEPING)
(HANDBRAKE CLICKS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(AIR HISSES)
(SPLUTTERING)
Help me...
(COUGHS)
(GASPING)
Help me. Please help me.
Please. Please.
(MUMBLES)
Pl-Please.
(GASPING)
Please... (SPLUTTERS)
Samuel...
M-Mum?
I'm so sorry.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(GATES CREAKING)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
SABA: Hey. guys.
(MUSIC SUBSIDES)
All good?
MAN: Yeah. This is yours.
Faz?
Yo...
So. what was the delay?
Driver said there was
traffic at the port.
But it's here now. anyway.
And half's already gone out.
It's all good.
♪ TIESTO: Lay Low ♪
♪ ..hit the sun
♪ Everybody have a real good time
♪ Real good time
♪ Surround me
♪ Lay low. hit the sun
♪ Everybody have a real good time
♪ Real good time
♪ Surround me
♪ Yeah. we cool. yeah. we drunk
♪ Lost my mind and. baby.
I feel high
♪ I feel high
♪ They're callin' on me
♪ I'm hearin' voices in my head
♪ There's no way to escape
♪ Da-da-da-da. they got me
♪ Anytime...
(SONG CONTINUES IN DISTANCE)
I'll shift these now.
See you in a bit.
♪ ..real good time
♪ Yeah. we cool. yeah. we drunk
♪ Lost my mind and. baby. I feel high
♪ I feel high... ♪
(SONG CONTINUES IN DISTANCE)
Sorry I'm late.
Yeah. well. they're here already.
Come on...
So... you're the "cop"?
Ex-cop.
(SPEAKS IN KOREAN)
How does that work?
Seems like a big change of mind.
Do you really think we'd be working
with Elliot if we had any doubts?
We're supplying all of London.
No one's complaining.
Listen. I don't speak Korean.
and if you don't wanna do business.
then you're welcome to leave.
OK.
What is your rate?
Nineteen and a half.
That's more than we're paying now.
Cos you're paying for shit.
I guarantee 80% purity.
Now I know you're lying.
Well. if you don't believe me-
Woah. woah. woah...
Take it easy.
Quantity's not a problem.
We can get you as much as you need.
Mm...
(WHOOSHES)
(SNORTS)
(GROANING)
(GIGGLES)
(BONES CRACKING)
(GASPS)
(GROANING)
(GASPING)
(SHOUTS IN KOREAN) Boss? Boss?
What the fuck have you done?
Don't move!
I know what it looks like.
but you're wrong.
Everyone just calm down!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Don't fucking tempt me.
Listen. Be easy.
I don't know what's happened
to your boss. but that's not us. OK?
Elliot?
Elliot. you need to see this.
Shannon. go! Go!
(POUNDING DANCE MUSIC)
What's going on?
Hey. hey. are you alright?
Jesus Christ.
Somebody help her up...
(MAN SPLUTTERING)
(WOMAN COUGHING)
Are you alright?
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(TENSE MUSIC)
This is weird.
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
(CROWD SCREAMING)
(DOOR OPENS)
Good evening. Liam.
Mrs Wallace.
(FIREWORKS POPPING. FIZZING)
LUAN: Aw.
(FIREWORKS FIZZING)
(FIREWORKS POPPING. FIZZING)
(BOTH SPEAK IN ALBANIAN)
(GENTLE PIANO MUSIC)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(FIREWORKS POPPING. FIZZING)
I appreciate you coming here.
(GLASS THUDS)
(SIGHS)
(GLASS CLINKS)
People are worried. Marian.
Sean's due in court this week
and there is all kind of
different stories going around.
They are saying that...
he's going to turn some of us in...
in exchange for a lighter sentence.
You know as much about
Sean's intentions as I do.
He knows a lot about my business.
About all of us. no?
Hm. Including me.
You're different. you're his family.
I don't know what
you want me to say. Luan.
Something reassuring.
I haven't spoken to Sean
since he was arrested.
I have no idea what
he's planning to do...
(LAUGHTER)
MAN: It's your turn! (CHUCKLES)
Oh... Oh-ho!
I...
got you a present. Elly.
(GENTLE PIANO MUSIC)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Maybe you can
go and visit him. or...
make sure he doesn't betray us.
Marian...
No.
Well this is in
everyone's interest. no?
I said no.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
We're about to do the cake.
Just one minute. please.
No.
We agreed. "no work tonight".
One minute.
I'm coming. please.
Daddy! Mum. It's Elly...
Elly...
(DISTANT SHOUTING)
(SPEAKS IN ALBANIAN)
(PANICKED CHATTER)
What happened?
She just collapsed.
Did she take something?
(PANTING)
(GASPING)
(WOMAN SOBBING)
(SOBS)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(SNORTS)
(EXHALES. THEN SNORTS)
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
MAN: Simone?
(BANGING AT DOOR)
Simone?
OK. OK. I'm coming!
(CLEARS THROAT)
What?
Look it's. um. quite hard to give
any accurate numbers at the moment
because it's coming in
from hospitals.
police. boroughs all over London.
It's a developing situation.
What we can say for sure
is that so far we have
over 300 fatalities.
but that figure's bound to rise.
I'm sorry. this is all from cocaine?
Yeah. Apparently.
there was a poisoned batch.
Are you ready for this?
(TENSE MUSIC)
(CROWD CLAMOURING)
MAN: Mayor. over here! Mayor!
Before I address any questions...
I would like to say that
my thoughts and my prayers
are with the victims
of tonight's events.
And this is a tragedy for them...
...for their families
and for their loved ones...
But it's also a tragedy for London.
And one that has been coming
for a long time.
And there is no doubt
in my mind that the blame
for all of this lies squarely at
the feet of the criminal gangs.
See. this is what happens
when organised crime gangs
are allowed to prosper
without fear of consequence.
Well. no more.
I promise you that I will use
every single resource available
to me to rid London of these gangs.
(CROWD CLAMOURING)
(CLAMOURING FADES OUT)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Well?
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Shit...
It's happening all over London.
Do we know what caused this?
Fentanyl. There are high traces
of it in everything we've tested.
Is this a fuck up our end?
No.
It's even in packages
we hadn't opened yet.
Well. it has to be
the Bolivians then.
They're adamant it was clean when
- it left them.
- Do we trust them?
Well. someone's done this
deliberately to fuck us up!
Yeah. but who though?
Marian. Luan. the Kurds...
(PHONE BUZZING)
If you wanted to move against us.
you'd weaken us first. like this.
Our associates want a meeting.
Saba!
Call Faz. tell him
I need to speak to the driver
who brought in tonight's shipment.
Yeah. Got you.
(SOBBING)
(PHONE BLEEPS)
(DIALOGUE IN ALBANIAN)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(LATCH CLUNKS)
LALE: It's your product.
You're responsible for
what happened. No excuses.
ED: Everyone will be reimbursed
for what they bought.
It's not just about
the money for this shipment.
You heard the fucking Mayor.
The police will make our lives hell
for what happened.
This is bad news for us too.
I don't care. It's your fuck up.
It's not a fuck up.
What would you call it?
An attack.
There was fentanyl in that
whole shipment. even packages
we hadn't even opened yet.
That cocaine was
deliberately spiked.
By who?
That's what I intend to find out.
And when you do...
...I want them handed over to me.
Let's find them first.
No.
(ALL GASP)
I'm gonna make them pay...
...and anyone who tries
to stop me too.
(SIGHS)
(PHONE BUZZING)
I need to take this.
Yeah...
FAZ: (OVER PHONE)
- I'm at the driver's place.
- Yeah?
The men I sent. they're all dead.
OK. Don't touch anything.
I'll be right over.
Alright. cool.
(PHONE BLEEPS. LOCKS)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
Over where?
Nowhere.
It's just business.
If your child
had been killed tonight...
...would you allow
yourself to be fobbed off with
a fucking bullshit excuse like that?
No.
Let's go then.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
You were very quiet in there.
Those drugs
didn't come through my ports.
so this has nothing to do with me.
That's because you wouldn't
let us use your ports.
I don't do business
with police officers.
Neither should you.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(MERWAN SPEAKING IN KURDISH)
(SPEAKING IN KURDISH)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
Yo.
(DOOR BANGS SHUT)
Yo. Make sure
the door's locked. yeah?
Let me know if you find anything.
(STATIC CRACKLING)
LUAN: That's the guy that drove
- the shipment?
- Yeah. that's him.
You find his phone?
No. It's gone.
Must have been taken
when he was killed.
Here. Come. through here.
Look...
Who the fuck is that?
That's all we have of him here.
Run it forward.
Yo. yo. Stop there.
(YELLS. GROANS)
MAN: What the fuck?!
(GROANS)
(GUNSHOT)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(CHOKES)
(WHEEZING)
(ATTACKER GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
(GROANS. CHOKES)
Run it back.
Yeah?
Slowly. fuck's sake.
Stop.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(TAP TURNS OFF)
On no. don't bother. Right.
(SIGHS) Uh...
So. where are we with this?
At the moment we're managing
a crisis situation
and trying to get the message out
about the dangers of cocaine use-
OK. yes. I understand that. but...
What are we doing to catch the people
who are responsible for this?
This is the man we believe brought
this cocaine into the country.
His name is Elliot Carter.
He's an ex-undercover police
officer.
You are fucking joking?
Why isn't this guy locked up already?
Knowing who did it and proving it
are two different things.
OK. I want this guy
to be our number one target.
We find the evidence
and lock him the fuck up.
Listen. You two. do either
of you recognise this man?
I-I don't know.
No. boss.
Look. take this photo
and spread the word.
I want him fucking found.
Go!
- Faz.
- Yo.
You got the keys to the truck?
Yeah. Yeah.
(ENGINE STARTS)
After the driver got off the ferry.
he didn't come
straight to the factory.
He took a detour. and stopped here.
Stopped for 30 minutes.
Thirty minutes isn't long enough
to spike that much coke. man.
No.
But it is enough time
to swap the original shipment
with one already
laced with fentanyl.
(TENSE MUSIC)
So. what is this then?
That's what we're about to find out.
Luan. wait!
(DISTANT LAUGHTER)
Hold on!
Jesus.
(DISTANT LAUGHTER AND CHATTER)
(ALARM BLARING)
(DOOR LOCK CLICKS)
(ALARM STOPS)
(SIGHS)
You boys is trespassing.
We just want a quiet word.
Not that quiet
if you're bringing guns.
What do youse want?
A truck stopped here earlier
tonight. wanted to ask why.
I don't know nothing about no truck.
Do you see a truck?
MAN: Nope.
Hm?
Must be mistaken.
No mistake.
It was on the satnav.
Ah maybe you should speak
to the driver then.
He is dead.
Well. that's unfortunate.
(LAUGHTER)
Do you think this is a fucking joke?
Test me. Come on.
Test me.
Maybe...
we should just calm down.
No. You two should fuck off out of
here now while you still have time.
I have a picture of a man...
just want to see
if any of you recognise him.
You heard him. Go fuck yourself.
(GRUNTS)
MAN: You fucking bastard!
(LUAN GRUNTS)
Come on!
Get those fuckers!
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(DISTANT YELLING)
(WHIRRING)
(UPBEAT FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
(BODY THUDS)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(BULLET RICOCHETS)
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
(UPBEAT FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
(GUN COCKS)
(GUN CLICKS)
(WHISPERS) Fuck...
(WHIMSICAL FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
(GUN COCKS)
(GRUNTS)
(GUNSHOT)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(KNIFE CLINKS. ZINGS)
(GROANING. PANTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
(EXCLAIMS)
(PANTING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
Fuck!
(UPBEAT FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
(PANTING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(GUN COCKS)
(PANTING)
(GASPING)
(MALLET CLATTERS ON FLOOR)
(ENGINE STARTS IN DISTANCE)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(TYRES SCREECH)
Shit...
(UPBEAT FAIRGROUND MUSIC)
(PLASTIC RUSTLES)
Cornelius Quinn.
that name mean anything to you?
(GLASS CLINKS)
Phone.
(PHONE BLEEPS)
There's only one number.
Call it.
(PHONE BLEEPS)
(LINE RINGING)
SEAN: Cornelius.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Sean?
Did you fucking do this?
I asked you a fucking question!
Did you send that man
to poison those drugs. cos-
(LINE BEEPS)
Sean Wallace.
(LINE BLEEPING)
FUCK!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(ENGINE REVS)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
You OK?
Right as fucking rain.
We're still going ahead with this?
Oh. yeah.
Mrs Wallace...
Mm-hm?
Ed Dumani is here.
He wants to see you.
(CHILDREN PLAYING IN DISTANCE)
I'd have thought you'd be
too busy cleaning up your mess
to make house calls
at this time of day.
Last night's spiking...
...it wasn't Elliot.
It was Sean's doing.
And someone on the outside
helped him.
And I suppose you think
that someone was me?
No.
It was Cornelius.
Elliot saw him. Marian.
And the driver of
last night's shipment
stopped off at Cornelius's fun fair.
Your brother is back.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(SNIFFLES. CLEARS THROAT)
(DIALOGUE IN ALBANIAN)
(SIGHS)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(DOOR BUZZES. GATE RATTLES)
(LIFT CREAKING)
(TENSE MUSIC)
Just here.
Thank you so much.
(DOOR BUZZES)
(DOOR CLUNKS)
(DOOR CLOSES. LOCKS)
You look well.
You think you're safe in there?
You're not safe.
What no. "Hello Sean.
how are you doing mate?"
I'm gonna make you pay
for what you've done.
Listen. I'd love to sit and chat.
hear you talk shit. but I've got
a court appearance to get ready for.
Done!
Recognise him?
Should I?
Yeah.
He helped you spike my drugs.
You're losing it mate.
The pressure's
getting to you. isn't it?
My wife and son...
...were killed in a hit and run
seven years ago.
The driver vanished.
not a fucking trace.
Until he rocks up last night.
kills my driver.
and three of Faz's men.
That was your wife?
So you do know him?
Did you fucking hire him?
No.
I recognise the face. that's all.
Heard the chatter.
He's a good bloke though.
You think this is a joke?
Hiring the hit and run driver
to spike those drugs?
It wasn't a hit and run.
Look. I heard...
...he was paid
to crash into your wife.
It was a targeted kill.
That's the story on the street.
What you didn't know that?
You're fucking lying!
Yeah. Fucking lying!
Wait. what... What's his name?
Who-Who paid him to do that?
I've got to go. Elliot.
No. fucking sit...
Sean. wait! Wait! Wait.
Tell me his name.
You want me to tell you...
...then beg. Beg me to tell you.
Or don't.
OK.
I am begging you. Sean.
What's his name?
No. I-I mean properly beg.
Like you mean it.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Please.
Please. Sean. tell me his name.
Nah. I don't think so.
Tell me!
Goodbye. Elliot.
Sean. come back!
Sean! Sean. come back here you worm!
Hey. Calm down. Calm down.
Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Of course.
Sean!
Tell me or I'll fucking kill you!
That's it. Enough.
Sean!
Enough.
SEAN!
(TENSE MUSIC)
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-